connor thank goodness you're here
commander washington
I have to face a new enemy we hear
who succumb
what the hell takes you to drugs
need help maybe you should sit in
explain to you better and I don't know what I am
it happens I'm prey
of strange dreams I'm beating not me
I thought the type you leave
influence from dreams you do not understand not
you can understand, they delude with visions
fantastic in the dream I am but a catch
during the war not only here in mine
dream there is no war rest with maita
I take care of the land, happy and content
it looks like heaven on earth
the peace I felt does not stop there
pushes them offense
then dreams
become ineffable you are there too with
now I see you televisions come from
this
where you got an officer from ceramics
taken prisoner in yorktown ha
immediately aroused my interest houses
the estate with me is strange I don't remember
plus the face of that new ace to see her
you behave in a strange way
blame for the dreams that come from this
apple